---
title: A Jubilant Song
layout: post
---

For the past 2 seasons, I've been singing in the <a
href="http://www.mixedchorus.ca/" target="_blank">University of Alberta Mixed
Chorus</a>. I've found it to be a great way to have music in my life without
being too large of a time commitment.

Yesterday we performed our annual spring concert which ends our choir season
until we start again in the fall. The spring concert is always a joyful
experience but this year it is the choir's 75th anniversary so it was an even
bigger deal that usual. We also performed at the U of A's Augustana campus in
Camrose last weekend.

My favourite part of every UAMC concert is this tradition that we carry out at
the end of the concert. We invite all the UAMC alumni from the audience on
stage to sing the U of A Cheer Song. To give you an idea of the song, here are
the best examples I could find on youtube. (The audio's not great in these 2
clips so you'll have to use a bit of imagination)

<iframe class="embed" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tq-aPdt30ZI" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<br />

<iframe class="embed" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/umBJQPUczRk" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Imagine that song, but live, and with several generations of choristers in the
same room, all singing together. It was this sort of atmosphere that I felt at
our Camrose concert last weekend and again at the Winspear Centre this weekend.

One thing that really stuck with me was at the Camrose concert when an older
gentleman came up to the tenor section (I'm a tenor). After the end of the
song, he shook all the tenors' hands and said "there's a lot of memories here"
before making his way back to the audience.

At the Winspear concert, so many alumni had come to celebrate the 75th
anniversary that it would've been impossible to get them all up on
stage. Instead we asked them to stand up and sing from the audience. Watching
the audience, I saw many proud, smiling faces. All of them remembered their
parts perfectly, as if they had never stopped singing them. I saw a father and
son, the son a baritone and the father a tenor (I watched when their lips
moved) joining in from the front row. There were even alumni in attendance who
had sung in the choir in the 1940s!

Overall, it was an amazing couple of shows and I'm super stoked to go on tour
after finals! So thanks to everyone involved in UAMC (now and in the past) and
everyone who came to the concert for creating what I know will become lasting
memories!
